docs: add issue assignment template (#47955)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/moderator-handbook.md

Happy contributing.
```

### Requests for Assignment

```md
We typically do not assign issues. Instead, we accept the first pull request that comprehensively solves the issue.

> 
> If you would like to fix this issue, please make sure you read [our guidelines for contributing](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/#/). We prioritize contributors following the instructions in our guide. Join us in [our chat room](https://discord.gg/PRyKn3Vbay) or [the forum](https://forum.freecodecamp.org/c/contributors/3) if you need help contributing - our community will be happy to assist you.

Reviewer: Small change below. Sometimes questions about assigning issue are on still triaged issues. Suggestion targets that case.

```suggestion

Issues labelled with `help wanted` or `first timers only` are open for contributions.

Please make sure you read [our guidelines for contributing](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/#/). We prioritize contributors following the instructions in our guide. Join us in [our chat room](https://discord.gg/PRyKn3Vbay) or [the forum](https://forum.freecodecamp.org/c/contributors/3) if you need help contributing - our community will be happy to assist you.
```
